Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness bustled
Magan: Yeah, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Magan: apologize for the delay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, just settle in find somewhere to sit you know the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll just, I'll just review notes so we don't have to add pressure to yourself just
Gwenevere Abriel: Different environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that t shirt.
Magan: And a mask is stuck in my hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're here and you're coming straight from work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything kind of currently going on even right now.
Magan: Yes, going to move into the kids room because the dog is crouching at the door and it's driving me nuts already
Magan: Yeah, there's a lot going on right now.
Magan: I had a really bad night at work, it was
Magan: Not good. And then yesterday it was really bad just coming in.
Magan: And
Magan: I don't even know how to where to start.
Magan: So I had worked all night. I thought it was a great night.
Magan: And you know that girl that I was talking to you about that. So she came into work. I grabbed my strengths to go put them in the shred bin and she always switches her chairs in the morning. Apparently there's no throne mighty enough for her. So she
Magan: Grabs goes to grab a different chair so she's pushing the chair that was at her desk to a different desktop grab another one.
Magan: To switch them out.
Magan: And I'm at the shredder. I was their first I didn't see her even coming
Magan: She came up behind me and then to my side. And she pushes the chairman, to me, she doesn't say, Excuse me, she doesn't say move or anything. She just pushes the chairman to me.
Magan: And so I turned to her and I said, Do you not see me I'm standing right here.
Magan: And I said, I'm utilizing the shredder and she starts yelling. She's like what I said I'm utilizing the shredder. You can wait till I'm done.
Magan: And
Magan: Then she I turned to walk away and I'm like this is just ridiculous. And she screams What and there's two supervisors in the room on a trainee in the room and two other employees. Nobody said a word.
Magan: So I turn around at this point because she yelled what and I said, are we really going to do this right now. Stephanie, are we going to do this right now. And she said, do what Megan, what are we going to do, what are we going to do, and she's yelling at the top of her lungs.
Magan: And it took every fiber of my fucking being not to pop her in her face with my fist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
And instead
Magan: I turned around and I walked away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice.
Magan: But I physically wanted to violate like every code in the conduct book and just
Magan: Let her know
Magan: How
Magan: And how how entitled she is, she is so entitled, and she has no respect at all.
Magan: And so
Magan: I wrote an email to my boss and I let him know what happened.
Magan: My other supervisor my direct supervisors had to pull up the footage from the cameras. There's no audio, but there is footage and he says, from my perspective on the camera. It looks like she was the aggressor. She was the one that was following you with the chair and coming up for you.
Magan: But nobody even looked up or said anything until she was yelling at me. That was when everybody stopped and started paying attention.
Magan: I didn't raise my voice. I didn't yell at her.
But
Magan: I
Magan: I'm not okay with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish
Magan: I go into work last night because you know I didn't sleep well because I had a lot of adrenaline pumping through my body.
Magan: And I was awake and I didn't sleep well. And I, I had some nightmares. Some pretty intense ones actually and
Magan: I couldn't go back to sleep. Each time I woke up from them and I had more than one. I woke up more than once from nightmares and
Magan: Then I went to work and last night was just really stressful. Again, there's a bunch of policies and procedures that they are being played out and nobody's on the same page and
Magan: I'm in the middle person that has to enforce it with my officers and it's something that I strongly, strongly disagree with.
Magan: And it's very difficult for me to enforce something that I don't believe in any way, shape, or form and that I feel like somebody's going to end up killed or dead and i'm i'm very uncomfortable with it, but I have to do it because I'm the dispatcher, and I have to tell them no.
Magan: And it's hard.
Magan: Because it doesn't feel like I have my officers back. It feels like I'm letting them down.
Magan: And I'm not only letting them down, but I'm placing them in an unsafe situation, but I have to because
Magan: Different departments are bickering and can't get on the same page. So instead of trying to solve the problem. They just cut. Cut the whole thing off. And that's dangerous in my opinion.
Magan: So all of that is happening, then I get a 43 call
Magan: And the trainee answers it. And it wasn't even an emergency call it was a 39 call it was a disturbance passenger was denied getting on the plane because they had Cofield symptoms they lost their shit.
Magan: And
Magan: So the train. He didn't get any of the information right my supervisor had just stepped out of the room.
Magan: She answered the phone. She didn't keep the person on the line. I didn't get any for information. So I dispatched my officer. It was just a fucking mess. The whole thing was a fucking us
Magan: And by the end of it. I could not wait to get out of there and Stephanie walks into the room and she has this shit eating grin on her face.
Magan: And I'm just like, I really would just like her to hit me, just so I can like do this and go
Magan: You know, like
Magan: But
Magan: I took everything in me not to get physical with her when
Magan: Like it was my first response was just to lay her face into the chalkboard.
Magan: But because that's all I know. That's all I know. I was raised up, you fucking somebody folks with you.
Magan: You fight.
Magan: For you. Anybody else there was only one person that I did not fight.
Magan: But I'll be damned as anybody else tried right
Gwenevere Abriel: This entitlement.
Gwenevere Abriel: coming in contact with entitlement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have any consciousness. At the time, like this rage that I have right now for Stephanie.
Magan: I tried so hard to put on the start crying. I tried so hard to put myself in check and take a deep breath.
Magan: But I was literally fucking shaking. I was so angry. I had so much adrenaline like literally just my whole body went into fucking fight mode.
Magan: And I was shaking. She made fucking physical contact with me and I couldn't do anything about it because I have mouths to feed because I'm worried about making sure that my kids have a roof over their head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me interject right there. Okay, let's have something a little different. Take a deep breath. We're going to interview right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Read together. That's part that's part of the truth and I don't deny that I get. I get that. You want this job and and and and need it. I get that. But we're going to interview right on that one. Just breathe with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's free.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, let's do a new technique which is just look straight ahead to an object, it could be my face. It could be some little tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. Some pen. Some paperclip and just look at it and I want you to look at it for a moment. But then I want you to describe without looking to the right, should we keep your eye straightforward and I want you to describe without looking
Gwenevere Abriel: To the right, I want you to describe the shapes and shadows and maybe the object to your right. Don't look at it, though. I want you to describe it from your peripheral vision. What do you notice
Magan: Oh, I see what you mean. Okay.
Magan: I noticed this a stuffed animal
Magan: I know that it's a horse because it's her favorite
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're not shades of color and
Magan: It's black and white and the hooves are turquoise and it has shapes on it that sparkle. But I can't tell what shapes, they are without looking at it directly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about really big light changes like one dark colored one light color, top, bottom, what do you notice the
Magan: Top half is black and the underbelly of the horses white. It looks really soft to touch.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And anything else you notice over to the right mean big light lighting changes.
Magan: There's a bright light that's back behind the horse.
Magan: Which is towards the door of the bedroom that shining on to the whoops.
Magan: Let the hubs are the brightest part of the stuff down
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok and now keep your eye on that object. So it's really tempting to want to look to the, to the left. But now let's get a sense of what's to the left without looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then know for me, what I do is I move my hand like okay, I'm going to point as if if my hand. I'm like, Okay, right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blue, green file white paper some sort of blue something I'm assuming it's handwriting and a shadow and now I see my shadow of my finger moving up and down because my down. Okay, so now
Magan: What do you notice I look to the left, like I did the right
Gwenevere Abriel: So just just
Magan: Looking at the fourth thing.
Yeah.
Magan: I see a very large takes up a lot of space yellow duck. Okay.
Magan: It's very, it's been sticking up
Magan: And I can't see its head or any other part of its body just it's but and it's back foot.
Magan: behind its back foot is a piece of paper that McKenna drew on
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see your own hand because it's still your left, isn't it.
Magan: I do see my own hand.
Magan: I see.
Magan: I see some of the lines at my hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Check in with your body right now. How's it doing
Magan: My heart rate went down.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that knee.
Magan: Yes, that was actually really good.
Magan: Ever tried that before I had, I have had this for about six months and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yesterday and group. It's one of those ones. One of those intense ones where Dr. Alberto was going through a thing. You've, you've seen those right
Gwenevere Abriel: It got
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I did it was psychotherapy in a group setting. And I remembered this and we all did it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is when we're in in the fight, flight we we get tunnel vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's we do it instinctively right because we're going to have to our danger pieces right here in front of us and it's it's instinctual. We go here. So when we do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means there must not be right, a threat, a danger in front of us if we're going to afford to budget or attention peripherally, why then we must not be in danger.
Magan: How can I do that in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can play with that but
Gwenevere Abriel: You could also try to picture so
Gwenevere Abriel: Simple so rich because she bumped. You remember I said let's intervene. First we're intervening in the moment, but let's like we can play it out. So let's say she bumps into me.
Magan: I'm moving into living room. Again, I want to speak.
Magan: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Me in the chair. I already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to start interpreting this thread.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna look at the shredder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Peripheral I see her moving over here. She's over here. She's not bumping
Gwenevere Abriel: Shredder. Okay. So over here, his desk and
Magan: What, what would you do
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Magan: Okay, that's what I'm wondering.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the energy in that, but we're trying to see if that particular technique would work. I don't know if it would. But, um, because my guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ears were throbbing your heart was racing and everything was ready to punch. So
Gwenevere Abriel: When you noticing that right, your body is going to wreck acknowledge it first.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to somehow. Remember that technique the shredder was there, she's off to one of these sides, you can probably see the. You can see the chair because he's here. Now I see her kind of moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now off to the right is such and such door and light and blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say that was the intervention. Let's say you actually remember that that would be amazing if you could do that. But those are hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say you do by some miracle if you're able to do that, remember one of those techniques, the grounding techniques anything to get you out of perceived threat anything will work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just need to get out of perceived threat. Now if you take away all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times has your kid accidentally stepped on one of your toes. I mean, come on.
Magan: Oh yeah, definitely, many, many times.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have that same perceived threat as you did with Stephanie.
Magan: I don't think I've ever my mind when they were smaller they felt right. Hit me and
Magan: In frustration and I don't think I ever responded
Magan: Like that I was hurt more than anything, like how could you do that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I feel that something other than threat at least
Magan: But yeah, but that would probably be the only feeling that I felt, other than, Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Magan: Now, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids make mistakes, they, they, their
Gwenevere Abriel: nerve endings are not mile unaided so even when they were babies, they would try and reach for something and they would actually couldn't even reach it. And then you start to see
Gwenevere Abriel: That the babies could reach for an object if they set their little eyes to it, then they can actually grab the mobile and they could get ahold of something, but before
Gwenevere Abriel: They'd be reaching for it like this. When the things over here and now, even when they go and they want to go cut something or draw something. It's not this straight line. And that's because we don't have this myelination is the fatty around us are synaptic whatever dendrites.
Gwenevere Abriel: So nurse, so we get better and better word. We're ours are all ready to go. Okay. So mistakes happen.
Magan: There wasn't a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but for this intervention, you're going to have to suspend disbelief for just a second.
Magan: So hard when you do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know but push play it out. See what see what sanity offers that threat response just doesn't offer
Okay.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: She bumped into go back to your kid has accidentally thrown it accidentally fell on you. She accident kids have accidentally run little fake mowers little carts they accidentally hit you right
Magan: The first thing that comes to my brain upon imagining that is their little faces like oh shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right.
Magan: Like, oh shit it's about to get real.
Magan: Like, oh my god.
Magan: How will she respond. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it actually you get you can get angry with your kids to when they make mistakes like that they hurt you.
Magan: Know like because okay so last week McKenna through a burrito at me. You're playing for throw burrito game.
Magan: And I dodged it and I went to go step on the cat. Oh, I wouldn't step away. But I stepped on the cat and I felt for on. I mean I I bounced back up and I
Magan: I fell on the floor, really hard. I bruise my leg McKenna started screaming and crying and panicking and she ran away because she thought she screwed up.
Magan: Oh yeah, and I didn't I, when I finally was able to get up off the floor and handle the pain because it hurt my legs all purple from it. Um, I told her it wasn't her fault. So maybe if I apply it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I don't know yet. I don't know that I have quite the right imagery. Can you picture you
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing that your child accidentally bumped into you with something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And are you enraged and threatened, as if they're entitled, and these little and I'm gonna I'm gonna smack them in the face.
Okay, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: One, we want. I know that's what I'm trying to get. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not quite there. So all I did was bumped into you. They didn't being too. They there was an accident that happened.
Magan: That when it there when you were like you're mad and angry and you're going to turn to them and yell or smack
Magan: It puts it in my head. I know what you mean. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your response as a parent is probably. Oh, that's her
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you would do. Ouch that hurt if you kind of saw a pattern with the child and they were really sort of sort of respecting mommy's body and you might do like real on purpose. Ouch. That hurts when you cut. When you hurt me. You do that when you hit like that hurts me
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't hurt each other that way. So you might do it as a parenting thing, but you might say, Ouch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Mm hmm.
Magan: Yeah, I can totally see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the first one also was out there was some other out scenarios. So now we're going to go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're going back to I know you did the interpretation of Stephanie's behavior and I don't disagree with you, but they doesn't serve you. That's all I'm saying. I agree with you. And it does not serve you.
Magan: How, how do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you couldn't use your whole brain.
Magan: Okay, so it doesn't serve me that I
Gwenevere Abriel: perceived threat.
Magan: perceived threat. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just played out. Remember, all of these things. All we're doing is just slowing it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing if we can intervene somewhere so that you have access to all of your brain. It's not just the reptilian part. Okay, that's the one that went like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's trying to take a resource that I need.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's my job and I want to punch her, or so it she. Right. So there's the perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's, I know it's more complicated, but let's not get into it. There's all these complicated pieces of her entitlements, she's been doing this awhile, blah blah blah, all of that. But I'm talking about that moment that moment, let's say, magically, you can remember one of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's blue there's chair. There's white there's off white. There's a little bit of gold over there. There's almonds. There's file. There's white their shadow
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm perceiving threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it real. Is she going to cause bodily injury or take my life she going to do that.
Magan: She's not going to take my life but
Magan: She's
Magan: She's trying to get a reaction. She's trying to get a rise out of me.
Magan: She got it.
Magan: She got what she wanted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so notice that we're, we haven't even gotten to that part yet I'm staying right here with
Magan: She did bumped me. She did try to
Magan: Make physical contact with me on like she pushed the chair into my leg. So I watched her do it.
Magan: So, but
Magan: My life was not in danger. She may not going to kill me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop right there and you do whatever brief peripheral centering
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you mean to hit me with a chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. Just hold on to it. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter what she says.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that I can say, Did you me but listen to my voice just went up right
Gwenevere Abriel: What Hi. Did you mean with that chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you already know her answer, but that doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did you mean to hit me with a chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Now what what she's going to say next. But let's say she says nothing. I might
Gwenevere Abriel: Get up and walk to my supervisors office.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what Josh. This could be nothing but given the context of kind of what feels like a hostile workplace with Stephanie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I watched her take the chair and she had a choice to send it this way or send it that way. And she ran into me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know whether you know go look at the video if you want to. I'm just getting kind of ahead of it right here. I felt threatened, as if she kind of wants to instigate
Gwenevere Abriel: Some kind of argument with me. I'm just giving you a heads up, if it turns into nothing. God bless. All right, just giving you a heads up, I'll keep you posted. If anything else turns into
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks for listening to me, Josh.
Magan: sounds much better.
Magan: So I wish that you could like he in my head all the time.
Magan: Like so you could say stop making
Magan: Is this a threat.
Magan: Because after that happened, I immediately thought of our sessions immediately. And that's not typical for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're getting there. Look how much closer. It's getting it's getting closer and closer to the moment don't minimize how hard this working I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to respond the same way you are. I'm no better than you. I make it look like some kind of Oz thing because nobody's giving me shit right now.
Magan: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I'm talking about. Because I've lived this
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And I teach it all day long. And I'm good at it because I'm literally doing this with people all day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't think that you're missing any piece of what you need to get this done. It just takes practice. And in fact, I want to bring something up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Dr. Rob real mentioned yesterday and I was in a really playful mood at all if it's appropriate to tell the joke but but basically what she said is, well, did you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're learning something new. There's certain chemicals that are released that we're very interested in in this novel idea, and we are very tuned into it and we want to problem solve, about, but she says there's a missing chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: That happens
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was the joke because I was like, what's the chemical. Can I buy it at Whole Foods.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like waiting like oh Oh good. Oh, good. Now I'll have a better memory. So anyway, so she's like yeah this is missing, chemical and so we don't remember. And she was cracking on herself. She's like, I open a book and I look and I'll see
Gwenevere Abriel: That I underlined something. And she says, I don't reread the book and then I'll highlight that same sentence and then I'll look at that book. And I'll put a little asterisk next to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember it, and I'm like, What's the chemical that needs to be present, so that I can store this in my hippocampus. Please would you market that to me, I will be the spokesperson for free.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's my point. Don't give yourself a hard time for forgetting, especially since when we're in distress, right, all that cortisol is Russian over on that that hippocampus and we can't pull the memory we need. It's just messing with everything. First thing we have to do is down regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Peripheral right peripheral what's out here and I'm breathing to hack. Okay, I can see this and this and this. You just learned this new one, just now right looking outside looking at the shutter what's over here, what's over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, I must be okay because I'm noticing my peripheral vision.
Gwenevere Abriel: That didn't feel great. Did you mean to hit me with that chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now I played out the other scenario. Now we're all indulge in your hypothetical, which is what does she say when I say that. What do you think she's gonna say
Magan: I didn't eat you with the chair.
Magan: Okay, that's what I think she would say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now do the peripheral vision right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get you with the chair.
Magan: Oh, I just got it just went adrenaline. I felt it automatically
Magan: Boom, right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go out, go use the technique, pull out look at an object measurements, the shredder pull out awareness just starting
Magan: Out that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Well, I'm a great
Magan: Basically felt that it just went
Magan: My, my adrenaline just went, I don't know where to my brain to my organs, I don't know, I just felt it went
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: So honor it is a a breath.
Magan: It's purple and black.
Magan: It's bristle brush.
Magan: The handle looks rubber, but I know it's rubber because I touch it every day.
Magan: But I know it's rubber and I can see the
Magan: The wedges on the handle.
Magan: Michael glasses are sitting next to the brush and
Magan: My phone, he is sitting next to my glasses and the sunlight from outside is shining in on the tip of my phone a spot.
Magan: To my left.
Magan: Is a is a washcloth and my mask that I wore to work today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can wait can you can't even tell the distinction or is it just sort of gray.
Magan: It's black and white polka dots on the straps and the front of the mask is a map of England.
Gwenevere Abriel: But can you really see that, though.
Magan: Not without look all because I know it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of gray know when it's out of your peripheral isn't it.
Magan: It is. It's like a brownish gray color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. So what is not what you remember what is it's important that you described.
Is
Magan: So,
Magan: I am so mad.
Magan: I just, I'm so mad.
Magan: Because
Magan: The first thing that I want to do is say, what is wrong with me.
Magan: Why is she doing this to me what it what is wrong with me.
Magan: That is the first thing that I want to do. And I know at this point.
Magan: That
Magan: I
Magan: Do not deserve to be treated like that.
Magan: And I
Magan: Good Person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're more than that you intimidate her and threaten her and she is jealous of you and you could look at it like that. It is the burden of the leader.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Israel threat and a bit
Magan: What Josh said
Magan: He said, It's the burden of the leader and said, Well, what do you mean he goes, You just got
Magan: A kudos a big kudos for the active shooter training you will he put me as head dispatcher on it and I handled the whole thing because he trusted that I would. And I did.
Magan: And the director of aviation sent a kudos to the team. But she said I would especially like to thank Megan She was awesome.
Magan: And everybody saw
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you don't default to
Gwenevere Abriel: Playing small
Gwenevere Abriel: It means you don't get to do that one anymore that's gotten us some things in your life.
Magan: Like, like, What do you mean, could you explain what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hurt. Don't hurt me. Look what you're doing. You're hurting me. Don't hurt me. What color you're hurting, cry, cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you. Is it no
Magan: It's not and that's why I'm trying so hard.
Magan: To see that I'm doing that to that I'm trying that my
Magan: Myself my usual self my behavioral pattern is trying to revert back to
Magan: That little girl of you're hurting me. Stop. Yeah, I don't like it. There's nothing I can do. There's nothing I can do about this and I hate it.
Magan: And it's my fault. I shouldn't have put myself in that situation, whatever. But I see those behaviors wanting to go there. But then I see new behaviors of even realizing that it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's redo this one. While with with the time we have. Let's redo this scenario, a couple of so
Magan: Sorry, I was late. I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You lose out.
Magan: I know I didn't mean to. Is there any way I could schedule another one for before Friday, and I still come on Friday to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we can do. I'm pretty booked next week. But let's make use of this moment. Okay. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to remember to it could be useful, just for today to grab paper and pen just to have a couple notes in front of you might be
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your, is your bodies on
The first
Magan: Okay, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to just slam you into some intense feeling you're going to feel the bodies, write it down body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do you want to do will do peripheral peripheral as our go to technique for today. Okay, we're going to do that one.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Free
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then there's lots of things to do lots of different things to do. And I've got a couple of different variations of what we can do. I did one of them already.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them was
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did this. What if it, if we did
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to create safety. I thought we did that VR thought create safety three
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight see okay now. Now let's make it more personal for you because that was one of your statement. Why don't we do what is actually what do you do all the time.
Magan: I create safety.
Magan: Absolutely. Do I perceived threat.
Okay.
Magan: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Bought your body already took care of that. You already did that. But no one behaves
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Under that kind of pressure and that you know you have that you have that ability. You've done it at work. Active Shooter kind of thing you can do it. This is one of those moments, you've got to be able to use your whole brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got body's response. We've got I'm going to regulate if you remember to the peripheral Coco cool going to free is I'm going to create safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: For all
For all
Gwenevere Abriel: For all which means
Magan: And I don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely dodo bird as well. That includes her. She is not safe around you, you threaten her period. It's a fact. So
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't have the evolution of the evolved mind to be able to do it in any kind of productive way like I need to learn new skills, get more training so that I can compete with Megan instead. She's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: just piss you off, and she's going to do what you're doing, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope she punches me, she's doing the exact same thing you want her to do. You guys are doing it together, both of you want to be the first one to blow the first blow y'all recognize each other and each other, whatever. Let's give all that. But let's go to create safety for all
Gwenevere Abriel: She's scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's scared of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Net. Yeah. So now I can. So if we have this sort of mantra create safety for all i can smile. I can turn my posture towards her. And I can say
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you mean to bump into me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can check out my initial assumption. So you might write that down. Check out assumption asked question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you already know.
Magan: Took out my assumption.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your assumption.
Gwenevere Abriel: But basically, what it means is you're going to ask a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could do my tried and true choose curiosity over being right. It's one of the best goes by many different names doesn't if it's the same darn thing. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body peripheral breathing create safety and guess what she's curiosity. Now I can turn towards this thing I'm crazy. I can turn towards it. I can investigate
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask a question. Do not give yourself a hard time because we're going to do this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get one piece of this done. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. All right, we're gonna do it again.
Okay.
Magan: That was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you overdid the squeak a little much.
Magan: Right, yeah. I wanted to threaten her
Gwenevere Abriel: Like she did it but you remembered it. Now, how did you create safety for all. So I noticed you didn't look at me. Notice you had to relax far away. So we're going to do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: He created safety created safety for all
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, speak until you are safe and that you can give safety to another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not make your sweet ass time. Okay.
Okay.
Magan: Did you mean to me with that chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't bump you
Magan: Didn't practice this part.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how did you create safety for yourself and you were able to turn to her. How did you pull that off. What did you do to make that
Magan: I thought, well first sight took it. The first thing that came to these breathing, because that is the most thing. I work on with everything that we do is applying the breathing. So I took a deep breath. I made sure my belly popped out
Who
Magan: I briefly focused in on your forehead and looked at the floating bottle.
Magan: I tried to let my shoulders drop a little bit
Magan: Because my jaws clenched, and I'm wearing it.
Magan: Because I'm literally Imagining her with fucking chair when you went bump so
Magan: And then
Magan: I imagined myself, even though I didn't stepping back
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice creating safety that distance
Magan: So I put myself away from the perceived threat.
Magan: And then I turned to her.
Magan: And said, Did you mean to bump me with that chair and then you said I didn't bump you with the chair.
Magan: And I want to say something else. But I'm not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was a good test of more like what would really happen you defaulted to to anger response right to perceive threat.
Magan: Yeah. As soon as you said, I didn't bumpy with the chair. I immediately wanted to say you're sucking can and just bless it. So like like
Magan: But I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Radical acceptance peace. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to change. I'm entitled insecure vindictive and I'm coming after you.
Magan: That was a really good group, I have to say that, by the way, that was really
Magan: Tough. But it was a good group.
Magan: Of radical acceptance. She's not going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to do them again and again and again and again and you just do the same exact ritual again. Okay, here we go. Yeah.
Magan: Did you mean to buy me with that chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't bump your
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem.
Magan: I'm gonna walk away.
Magan: Yeah, yeah. Walk away at that point.
Magan: I'm not even gonna
Magan: I'm not gonna do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Engage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Engage engage
Magan: I'm just not gonna do it. Yeah.
The bait.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the bait and if you're not desperate to make your point finally to wind you right
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you don't engage. You're not desperate.
Gwenevere Abriel: We just
Gwenevere Abriel: Fucking idiot
Magan: Said that, too. I walked back to my desk and mouse like fucking ridiculous bullshit. I logged off and I walked out
Gwenevere Abriel: But now, get all the way to there. Let's do it again and see if you like this engaging accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part that part about Josh, see what comes up around that just play it out and but you know you're the one that knows what to do. I'm just throwing it out there. But I want to see what happens with that becoming an option where you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not taking on the role of a supervisor, which they should notice is going on. That is the truth. It's my opinion. Let's play it out one more time. See what happens. You ready, I might throw in a curveball. So just keep doing the exact same thing that works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god. You're so weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your problem.
Magan: Did you mean to bump me with that chair.
I didn't
Magan: Josh. Could I please speak with you.
Magan: I just wanted to bring
Magan: Possible situation to your attention. I could be
Magan: misinformed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not misinformed do it over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Facts. What you saw with your friggin eyes what you felt on your leg just the facts. Here we go. I'm Josh
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's up, Megan.
Magan: I would like to bring this situation to your attention.
Magan: And Stephanie pushed her tear into my leg as I was trying to put my papers in the shredder.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure it was just an accident.
Magan: I'm sure it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It what I heard you say was, she went from her desk.
Gwenevere Abriel: And while she I think she was trying to switch out to share. She prefers a particular chair. She kind of went out of her way to go towards the shredder and kind of bumped me and kind of see you're coming. She could clearly see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if it you know if this is a thing. If this is part of an ongoing pattern, but it does sort of match this hostile workplace that we've been talking about over the last few weeks, giving you a heads up that that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really am uncomfortable without behavior. I don't feel safe around her. Okay, we're gonna redo you ready
Magan: I just wanted to bring a situation to your attention.
Magan: Okay, as I was placing my treads in the trippin Stephanie was switching out her chair for the day and she proceeded to bump her chair into my legs.
Magan: I did feel that it was intentional. I
Magan: Know that we have been dealing with some hostility between her and I at different times in the past few weeks, and I did feel that this
Magan: Match some of those behaviors and felt provoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did she apologized. She just leave the chair right there.
Magan: She proceeded to keep coming at me.
Magan: So I as I turned to walk away and I said, this is just ridiculous. She started yelling what and was walking towards me and I turned around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this.
Magan: No, she left the chair where she was. Where was will and came towards me and was like,
Magan: I only turned around. The only reason why I know she was still coming at me was because her voice was getting louder. And that's why I turned because I'm not about to be my back exposed. So I turned and she was coming towards me still. And she said,
Magan: I said, This is ridiculous. As I was turning away, she said. What this is what I said, are we going to do this. Are we really going to do this right now. Stephanie and she then got louder and closer and said do what, what are we doing, what are we doing Megan.
Magan: And I turned and walked away and walk back to my station.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was her hitting you with the chair, an accident.
Magan: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you perceive that that was hostile behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And was it followed up by an aggressive a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: No aggressive way of speaking to you.
Magan: Oh, was it like towards from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did she come at you with aggressive
Magan: Propagation absolutely
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's and that's all you say you just just those pieces just THIS HAPPENED. THIS IS HOW WAS PERCEIVED and under the context of my already expressed concerns around a hostile workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: I continue to be concerned and I'm bringing this to your attention. So we're gonna do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's I perceive this as a provocation. She physically is that's kind of new hadn't had that one yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know it's, it doesn't seem to be getting any better. It seems to be progressing. She followed up with with this verbal provocation. Welcome to look at the video if you want to I can send you to feel threatened by her and just keeping you posted. Okay, so we're doing to get ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's up. Megan.
Magan: And I would like to bring a situation to your attention.
Magan: And
Magan: Referring to the yelling that happened this morning.
Magan: I was going to put paper in the strip in and Stephanie was getting her chair for the day and she pushed her chair into my legs.
Magan: I felt that it was a direct provocation of me, and she's continuing to act hostile towards me in the work environment and I'm uncomfortable.
Magan: I don't want this to escalate any further. However, I don't find this behavior acceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's pretty good. How did that feel to to do that.
Magan: That's all pretty good actually because somebody's listening to me.
Magan: Like someone's listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're, you're not. It's not the same like helplessness and then of course rage and all of that. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought it to the attention where it belongs.
Gwenevere Abriel: These key pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of addressing the perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're, you're going to need some some visual reminders of it at work, things that can really tether you back to some of these these steps.
Gwenevere Abriel: somebody's hand someone little finger on your wrist something to sort of be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Little thing in your pocket.
Magan: I think I'm going to try the wrist bracelet thing to snap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: A lot of people recommend that, and I am a visitor.
Magan: But
Magan: I could maybe snap it to breathe because I I am trying so hard. The breathing exercises I really am.
Magan: It's um but I literally just saw like white in that moment, and I felt so much adrenaline rushing to me. I was legitimately concerned that I was going to fuck everything else up for myself and my family.
Magan: I am I know I have an anger problem, but
Magan: I don't know how to respond.
Magan: In a healthy way.
Magan: In those moments and I want to so badly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And knowing how you just learned a how isn't it. I don't remember.
Magan: How to Apply
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember. Wait, I don't remember the how that I learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes number and how that I learned
Magan: I don't remember the how that I learned in those moments and I still
Magan: I literally only feel rage pure
Gwenevere Abriel: Rage at my desk. I would know that about myself and I would have reminders and I don't really want everyone else knowing what my little reminders are. And I'm not sure I want you doing this so that people can give you a shit about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want something right here. Every time I move if I get up. I'm going to look at that sticky.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's going to be a list of things to do, they'll be something that will say no. Maybe there's symbols a body is a little stick figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Peripheral little eyes off to the side. There's a little apparel lungs right there. Create safety don't know, put a little heart. I don't know. Smile or something and then ask a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe it's speak my truth and speak the truth can be tell a supervisor. I don't know what it is but you have a thing and you don't move.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you go out into the world for you out of the world is picking up a phone standing up and moving to a shredder move from this station you run the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: Of having interpersonal interaction like that. So why not memorize review what's already. Okay, what's my thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I already have it fresh in my head.
Magan: Oh, that's a good, that's a really good idea. I see what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's already here already know it's out its out there. There's going to be people that are you know so workplace. I've got to keep my skills. These are not automatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hard to remember because they're new so I'm going to get. Okay, I got it just, you know, my mind's on that and minds on that. Now I remember why I'm getting up ok ok shredding shirts I go to shred
Gwenevere Abriel: And then just imagine you had that already on your mind, maybe like it might have even like had a smile. Like, how am I can't believe it's happening. There it is. As predicted
Magan: That's a really good idea. I think I'm going to do some symbols. So that way, nobody can decipher them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Yeah, I don't, you know, we don't need more
You don't need to look bullshit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Explain yourself to anyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, when you think
Gwenevere Abriel: My jobs on the line. It's not as intense and it's just did you mean about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. OK. OK. And now if I go
Gwenevere Abriel: Josh have a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is part of my KEEPING YOU INFORMED not
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I'm just feeling as a hostile workplace has continued to happen. It looks like she intentionally bumped into me if she didn't apologize stared me down and track follow the afternoon. What, what, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let me know if you want to review the video I continue to feel threatened, she's trying to provoke a physical fight keeping me in the loop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, thanks for listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Josh, could you make note of it. I don't know if you're keeping track of these things, or would you rather just send it in a quick email to you.
Magan: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there you go. I'll write it down. Okay. I think I'll follow it up with an email to just so I can keep track of them myself. Great. Sounds good. Thanks. Megan. Thanks for bringing to my attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Magan: I think it's great. I think, I think I'm going to give it a try. I'm gonna try the symbols.
Magan: I wonder, though I know it's kind of weird, but I wonder if you're standing at the shredder how you would really respond in that moment, like I do, always wonder how would grant, when really respond like
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to think if there's actually been
Gwenevere Abriel: See that there just has
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's real, it's it really has happened.
Magan: I believe it. I absolutely I know I'm not the only person in the world that deals with girl bullshit. No.
Magan: We're not even girl bullshit any bullshit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just call bullshit.
Magan: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: A problem with
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a leader, it's just, it's just real, they're going to find you a threat, and they're not going to be your friend. And it is, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very blessed to have a sense of humor that I have access to, because I use it so prolifically I can use it. Whoops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoops.
Magan: Have you ever not really like really, really not like someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Oh, yeah.
Magan: Like where you can't like you just
Gwenevere Abriel: hate, I hate, I hate
Magan: That yeah where you hate like you truly just
Gwenevere Abriel: Not for long. Megan, I don't do it.
Magan: I don't adult and there's and there's where I want to be. I want to be able. Right there is where you are pinpointed on. I don't want to harp on it. I don't want to focus on it. I don't want to let it engulf me wanna be free of it. I want to seal the ceiling and move past the ceiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: You forgot the skill of pity the fool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Remember that when you like to you like that one.
Magan: I pity you.
Yeah.
Or anything
Magan: Small
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't miss dangerous. So it's, it is a dangerous thing to have that. So what do we do you know you you you do advocacy and you tell me, Josh is and you, you put it in an email.
Gwenevere Abriel: You put it, you track it you timestamp and off you go.
Magan: I did, I did send an email right away. Josh told me to. He said, I would like for you to please send me an 80% Christian email and CC me because you know AUTOMATICALLY, BECAUSE SHE WORKS day she's going to be in his office physically implementing her perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Magan: So he said, at least get your voice out there because we were asleep all day and nobody sees us because we're night shift workers. So try to get your piece out there as soon as possible so that at least your pieces out there to here in comparison to hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and then let it go. Let it go. It's already done. You already took action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleeve it
Magan: I do want to be a leader.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already are.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're born, these kind of people, it just er.
Magan: Mm hmm. And I just, I don't want
Magan: A don't
Magan: Speaking of the pity.
Magan: I genuinely if I were to set back because I've done this with you right now, if I were to feel anything. I would want to say to her, Stephanie.
Magan: Can we just move past this and have a healthy working environment. I'm totally on board with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, you're in the land.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Magan: But that's truly how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that she her
Gwenevere Abriel: Hair is going to continue to find you a threat. So notice I said create safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: So next time. Right. You just did all this work, we can't get everything done in one session. The next time is something like, you know, I've been meaning to tell you, Stephanie that I really, I really appreciate that you did. Did you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: She feels complimented she feels proud, she feels acknowledged she feels important
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: Up here, but you can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do it if you want it to imagine the woman, they can do that. That's it. I it's like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's me. Right. I do. Oops, I say, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a chair, she means to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, okay, coco, coco
Gwenevere Abriel: Not the hair flipping but obviously have an air conditioned
Magan: I imagine what you'd be like, from
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, your, your story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mine was right. I was an actual leader. Right. I'm an actual in a command stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. I can't even get to the complexity of 14 years of dysfunction, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just mental illness also point. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they only same some there were some same people that would see what was going on. And they're like, Yeah, I saw she just did that. And, but there are two
Gwenevere Abriel: They've drank the Kool Aid. They've been be a soda and there's no, there's nothing. There's, there's no you can't get them.
Magan: To take action.
Gwenevere Abriel: The light they
Gwenevere Abriel: Making too much money just it's too. They can't come over here. So there's no rescue me. I'm all alone. And I know that and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have to go to a boss who is literally after me and he's my Josh. So I have nowhere to go. So, and I try all of the many departments and all of them are corrupt and so I keep doing it.
Magan: Right, exactly what it feels like.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're all
Magan: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it turns out I'm I couldn't stay i mean i i certainly tried to stay for as many years as I could, thinking, right, that it was me that surely they'll see the light, they'll see that my goodness that I mean well for everyone that I'm literally, literally.
Gwenevere Abriel: preventing people from getting in trouble or
Gwenevere Abriel: Be sued like it's part of my strength is that I see detail, I see these are the rules and like, Hey, let's follow them, so we don't lose our license.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's basically the entire job description is of command is to say, you know, let's all follow the rules. Here they are. You didn't follow them pull in mind, let's go. And it's not welcome. Nobody wants to be told it in some wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there was. Yeah, so it. I know I don't know exactly what that chair is in my world. It's a chart. Just think throne, or it's, it's, it's, it's, I know what you're talking about.
Magan: How did you respond
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean i i got to have that chart. I'm actually not ready to give you that chart doc yet. I haven't reviewed it.
Magan: Yet, wow, that's really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand you want that chart. And I know you want to make some edits to it. But first, I need to review it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't done the audit, yet we brought it in here yesterday. I haven't gotten to it yet. And I know you want to address those things that you heard verbally, but I need to do a thorough audit and and you do I need to do the audit first
Gwenevere Abriel: But I
Gwenevere Abriel: was sick.
Magan: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distress right minds right here.
Magan: Here's isn't the job to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, it is. But mostly I get little pin. Pin for x in my whatever these little
Magan: Minds right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but the. My point is to say we're still going to feel fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Men to, it doesn't matter that there are these folks will miss behave because there she's in perceived threat. Now, I knew it. Because what I was about to write about was a missing release of information. She wants to protect her job.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's like, I need that chart up right and I'm like, it isn't how it works. I'm going to audit it and I'm going to document.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the things that you're
Magan: Trying to cover her ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every harass
Magan: For to forgot to put something in it, but it was already done.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's more than I forgot. It's a big deal. But guess what agency and so they don't do anything about it because she was actually positioned. You're not going to believe this. She's. Do you want to consider paranoia don't know if it's a paranoid, but I'm pretty sure this is accurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Position is certain composition of people that weren't specifically assigned to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's exactly what her personality is is to she's going to start
Gwenevere Abriel: Making complaints and filing reports and
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's going to put me in about light.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw. I'm like, So you gave me this person, this, this is my team, this, this, this and this. Got it. I see what's up. I mean, I know y'all think I'm an air an idiot. But I know what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I think I did pretty well for as long as I could but I mean there's real mental illness. I mean, a lot of people that go into the field.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of addiction. Right. They're like, oh, I want to be a mental health counselor to um
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're doing it because they maybe had a good one. When they were having there. So since us treated. I felt so good. I want to give back. I want to be that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of people in the substance use field that have pretty toxic family histories and they haven't done that really important healing work.
Magan: Was in itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's still so they create that same toxic system in the workplace and this particular department was wildly dysfunctional and I'm, I'm, I'm, like, I have I have like
Magan: I forgot to tell you I have a I remember how I told you I applied for Burnley oh County Sheriff's Office.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: I got an email back
Magan: And I'm going in for testing on June 1
Magan: Yeah, so maybe I'll get that and just be like,
Magan: Because it's exactly what you just described bosses sleeping with bosses and and people having irresponsible relationships and all you didn't say that. But people
Magan: Covering for each other in the, in the most corrupt way and the people who are trying to do what's right are squished and pushed into a corner and made the shut up and it's it's it's sickening and really it's just a bunch of mental illness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you know it's interesting because you want to, you want to go to the very place that I just described as the sheriff's office right
Magan: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know cuz power, power can corrupt. So it you might bump into all of this again. But you know what, Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you interact with it differently, you know, maybe you'll feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want the money I want the benefits. Y'all can kick rocks. I don't, I don't need to be your friend. This is, this is the role you got a couple allies. A couple of people that really know know who you are as a professional
Magan: You just
Gwenevere Abriel: You just stay connected with them and you can survive it.
Magan: I think I could do that here too.
Magan: But I feel like I have a target on my back right now.
Magan: And I know it won't always be there but it started with Sydney and Sydney and Stephanie or Estes and it just feels like retaliation by proxy and they just tag team. So it's just a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, if I work in there and Amy It's gonna
Magan: hurt. Oh, it totally would
Gwenevere Abriel: Because everybody off if
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not you, it's going to be another Megan, it's going to be another bubble buddy that just because you're in their purview.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So don't just be like a boring target, then you're just boring, you're just you won't get hyped up amped up puffed up just
Gwenevere Abriel: Commit
Magan: To me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's take a look at next week.
Magan: Next Friday.
Magan: I know will definitely work on he and Dr. And I'll be on time.
Magan: As long as I don't have anything at work. So, but I should be good. I've been pretty telling my boss that Fridays are an important day for me. I have appointment. Okay.
Magan: Try to not
Magan: Have me stay so
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned meeting again but
Gwenevere Abriel: You think it'd be okay with with Friday.
Magan: I do if something comes up and I meet with them.
Magan: And something comes up. Perhaps I could just send you a text and say I like I could use a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So before you forget though. Take what you just did. See if you can draw three or four little symbols and just have them around you today so that they can start to get into your brain. And so they can make their way to, you know, a sticky on your desktop or something over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have it fresh on your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's quite predictable. You know, there's going to be these types of interactions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you next Friday.
Magan: Okay, thank you for everything.
Magan: Today,